Add a note to sharedarrays documentation. (#35807)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/distributed-computing.md

which creates an `N`-dimensional shared array of a bits type `T` and size `dims` across the processes specified
by `pids`. Unlike distributed arrays, a shared array is accessible only from those participating
workers specified by the `pids` named argument (and the creating process too, if it is on the

> same host). Note that only objects where `isbits(obj) == true` are supported in a SharedArray.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
same host). Note that only elements that are [`isbits`](@ref) are supported in a SharedArray.
```
